Packet Exercise Engine

Development of the packet exercise engine has been fraught, and has been put on
hold.  This file describes the current, incomplete state.

The version used for the 2023-09-23 county-wide exercise is tagged v2023-09-23,
and is also at origin/master since nothing since then has been pushed to github.
While functional, it had a number of issues, and there were a number of
desirable improvements as well.

My first attempt was to enhance the YAML format used by v2023-09-23, but that
proved too limiting (branch "master"), so I eventually moved to a DSL approach.
I couldn't find a way to make it flexible enough, so I abandoned it (branch
"dsl") and started working on a generic language rather than a DSL.  But it
turned out I really need the domain knowledge built in in order to make the
thing at all usable, so I abandoned that (branch "language") and started over.

The current approach (branch "take4") is back to a data-driven approach rather
than a language approach.  I found a way to express virtually all of the
flexibility I wanted in a data definition, which is described in MANUAL.md and
fully implemented in package definition.  2023-09-23.pktex is a description of
the 2023-09-23 exercise in this definition format; I have hopes of using it and
the recorded messages in some sort of replay mode for testing.

I also defined the state that needs to be maintained, in package state.  The
database functions there are incomplete; they're being added as needs for them
are identified.  It's using the same sqlite access methods as are used by
schola8m.

Then I started implementing the actual actions, in package action:
  - NewDefinition, called whenever the exercise definition changes (including on
    first startup)
  - ClockTick, called once per minute
  - ReceiveMessage, called whenever a message is received (partially
    implemented)

The problem at this point is that lots of code has been written in package
action without any sound way to test it.  The design approach needs more
modularity so that the code is readily testable.

The work is being set aside because I have higher priorities at the moment, and
it's not clear when or if this will be needed.

Folders _old, engine, expression, make-messages, model, monitor, and variables,
and files DESIGN.md, MANUAL2.md, main.go, and TODO, are not used in the current
attempt.  They are either parts of the original v2023-09-23, or vestiges of
earlier attempts.
